Wow... Loved this place.
Stopped by during the late May bank holiday off Rick Steve recommendation and loved it.
The selection on the menu was great and so were the prices.
The fries were great too.
A great touch.
Service was very prompt.
I tried the Cape Cod ravoli, chicken, with cranberry...mmmm!
Highly recommended.
The food, amazing.
Service is also cute.
I could care less... The interior is just beautiful.
So they performed.
That's right....the red velvet cake.....ohhh this stuff is so good.
This hole in the wall has great Mexican street tacos, and friendly staff.
Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal.
I found this place by accident and I could not be happier.
Overall, I like this place a lot.
The only redeeming quality of the restaurant was that it was very inexpensive.
Ample portions and good prices.
My first visit to Hiro was a delight!
The shrimp tender and moist.
On a positive note, our server was very attentive and provided great service.
The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.
The burger is good beef, cooked just right.
If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!!
My side Greek salad with the Greek dressing was so tasty, and the pita and hummus was very refreshing.
We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside.
He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table.
Their chow mein is so good!
The portion was huge!
Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu.
The salad had just the right amount of sauce to not over power the scallop, which was perfectly cooked.
This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!!
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.
We'd definitely go back here again.
We are so glad we found this place.
Great food and service, huge portions and they give a military discount.
Always a great time at Dos Gringos!
Update.....went back for a second time and it was still just as amazing
A great way to finish a great.
The deal included 5 tastings and 2 drinks, and Jeff went above and beyond what we expected.
The sweet potato fries were very good and seasoned well.
Today is the second time I've been to their lunch buffet and it was pretty good.
This place has it!
I love the Pho and the spring rolls oh so yummy you have to try.
All I have to say is the food was amazing!!!
Omelets are to die for!
Everything was fresh and delicious!
It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party.
Best breakfast buffet!!!
Will be back again!
Food arrived quickly!
On the up side, their cafe serves really good food.
Our server was fantastic and when he found out the wife loves roasted garlic and bone marrow, he added extra to our meal and another marrow to go!
The only good thing was our waiter, he was very helpful and kept the bloddy mary's coming.
Best Buffet in town, for the price you cannot beat it.
I LOVED their mussels cooked in this wine reduction, the duck was tender, and their potato dishes were delicious.
This is one of the better buffets that I have been to.
So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon!
The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!
The ambience is wonderful and there is music playing.
Will go back next trip out.
Sooooo good!!
This is a really fantastic Thai restaurant which is definitely worth a visit.
Nice, spicy and tender.
Good prices.
Check it out.
Service was fine and the waitress was friendly.
The guys all had steaks, and our steak loving son who has had steak at the best and worst places said it was the best steak he's ever eaten.
We thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi, but this place really hit the spot that night.
Phenomenal food, service and ambiance.
Definitely worth venturing off the strip for the pork belly, will return next time I'm in Vegas.
Penne vodka excellent!
They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers.
Delicious NYC bagels, good selections of cream cheese, real Lox with capers even.
Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations.
I had a seriously solid breakfast here.
This is one of the best bars with food in Vegas.
My drink was never empty and he made some really great menu suggestions.
Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.
The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.
My fiancǸ and I came in the middle of the day and we were greeted and seated right away.
Some highlights : Great quality nigiri here!
the staff is friendly and the joint is always clean.
this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.
I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.
this place is good.
I was seated immediately.
Their menu is diverse, and reasonably priced.
Restaurant is always full but never a wait.
DELICIOUS!!
This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area.
Bacon is hella salty.
This really is how Vegas fine dining used to be, right down to the menus handed to the ladies that have no prices listed.
The waitresses are very friendly.
RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.
The staff are now not as friendly, the wait times for being served are horrible, no one even says hi for the first 10 minutes.
I won't be back.
The food was terrible.
WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK AND HAVE TOLD MANY PEOPLE WHAT HAD HAPPENED.
I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.
This place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food.
This is a disgrace.
I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.
This one is simply a disappointment.
Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.
I don't have to be an accountant to know I'm getting screwed!
Left very frustrated.
TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.
For service, I give them no stars.
I can take a little bad service but the food sucks.
Gave up trying to eat any of the crust (teeth still sore).
But now I was completely grossed out.
On the ground, right next to our table was a large, smeared, been-stepped-in-and-tracked-everywhere pile of green bird poop.
Furthermore, you can't even find hours of operation on the website!
We've tried to like this place but after 10+ times I think we're done with them.
What a mistake that was!
Waiter was a jerk.
Strike 2, who wants to be rushed.
I never come again.
Ordered an appetizer and took 40 minutes and then the pizza another 10 minutes.
It was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat.
I'll take my business dinner dollars elsewhere.
Nothing special.
Will not be back.
Sauce was tasteless.
I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon.
I am far from a sushi connoisseur but I can definitely tell the difference between good food and bad food and this was certainly bad food.
I was so insulted.
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.
Definitely not worth the $3 I paid.
The manager was the worst.
I don't think I'll be running back to Carly's anytime soon for food.
This is was due to the fact that it took 20 minutes to be acknowledged, then another 35 minutes to get our food...and they kept forgetting things.
The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.
Don't waste your time here.
Total letdown, I would much rather just go to the Camelback Flower Shop and Cartel Coffee.
Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.
We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either.
Seafood was limited to boiled shrimp and crab legs but the crab legs definitely did not taste fresh.
The selection of food was not the best.
I dont think I will be back for a very long time.
It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign.
Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.
And then tragedy struck.
I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.
I would not recommend this place.
Overall I wasn't very impressed with Noca.
My gyro was basically lettuce only.
Terrible service!
Thoroughly disappointed!
it was a drive to get there.
Anyway, I do not think i will go back there.
A greasy, unhealthy meal.
first time there and might just be the last.
Similarly, the delivery man did not say a word of apology when our food was 45 minutes late.
And it was way to expensive.
Terrible management.
If there were zero stars I would give it zero stars.
Worst martini ever!
We waited for thirty minutes to be seated (although there were 8 vacant tables and we were the only folks waiting).
I won't try going back there even if it's empty.
No, I'm going to eat the potato that I found some strangers hair in it.
not even a "hello, we will be right with you."
The desserts were a bit strange.
I guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful.
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.
I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!
AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!
I think this restaurant suffers from not trying hard enough.
My salad had a bland vinegrette on the baby greens and hearts of Palm.
After two I felt disgusting.
I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!
The servers went back and forth several times, not even so much as an "Are you being helped?"
AN HOUR... seriously?
I consider this theft.
Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.
We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.
Waited and waited and waited.
The pizza tasted old, super chewy in not a good way.
I swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed.
Boy was that sucker dry!!.
Over rated.
If you look for authentic Thai food, go else where.
After I pulled up my car I waited for another 15 minutes before being acknowledged.
I hate those things as much as cheap quality black olives.
The kids play area is NASTY!
It was extremely "crumby" and pretty tasteless.
It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor.
I got home to see the driest damn wings ever!
Not good for the money.
We got sitting fairly fast, but, ended up waiting 40 minutes just to place our order, another 30 minutes before the food arrived.
I just wanted to leave.
I will not be eating there again.
!....THE OWNERS REALLY REALLY need to quit being soooooo cheap let them wrap my freaking sandwich in two papers not one!
I checked out this place a couple years ago and was not impressed.
The chicken I got was definitely reheated and was only ok, the wedges were cold and soggy.
Sorry, I will not be getting food from here anytime soon :(
My friend did not like his Bloody Mary.
Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.
I will not return.
I had the chicken Pho and it tasted very bland.
Very disappointing!!!
a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.
Best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management.
Any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one.
I asked multiple times for the wine list and after some time of being ignored I went to the hostess and got one myself.
Same evening, him and I are both drastically sick.
Ordered burger rare came in we'll done.
Tried to go here for lunch and it was a madhouse.
After waiting an hour and being seated, I was not in the greatest of moods.
I'm not eating here!
Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.
This place has a lot of promise but fails to deliver.
Very bad Experience!
What a mistake.
Food was average at best.
We won't be going back anytime soon!
Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater.
Not much flavor to them, and very poorly constructed.
The fried rice was dry as well.
Google mediocre and I imagine Smashburger will pop up.
dont go here.
As a sushi lover avoid this place by all means.
The plantains were the worst I've ever tasted.
Service was slow and not attentive.
Your staff spends more time talking to themselves than me.
Total brunch fail.
I probably won't be back, to be honest.
Went for lunch - service was slow.
We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed.
I was mortified.
Needless to say, we will never be back here again.
Anyways, The food was definitely not filling at all, and for the price you pay you should expect more.
The chips that came out were dripping with grease, and mostly not edible.
I wasn't really impressed with Strip Steak.
I work in the hospitality industry in Paradise Valley and have refrained from recommending Cibo any longer.
Would not recommend to others.
I mean really, how do you get so famous for your fish and chips when it's so terrible!?!
Not my thing.
If you are reading this please don't go there.
Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked.
We ordered some old classics and some new dishes after going there a few times and were sorely disappointed with everything.
A FLY was in my apple juice.. A FLY!!!!!!!!
The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.
Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting.
Probably never coming back, and wouldn't recommend it.
Friend's pasta -- also bad, he barely touched it.
It was way over fried.
I'm not sure how long we stood there but it was long enough for me to begin to feel awkwardly out of place.
When I opened the sandwich, I was impressed, but not in a good way.
Will not be back!
I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!
Main thing I didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up.
I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.
The service was poor and thats being nice.
The place was not clean and the food oh so stale!
The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather.
But the service was beyond bad.
Tasted like dirt.
My sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.
the food is not tasty at all, not to say its "real traditional Hunan style".
What did bother me, was the slow service.
Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.
So in a nutshell: 1) The restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer.
My girlfriend's veal was very bad.
Unfortunately, it was not good.
Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.
The chains, which I'm no fan of, beat this place easily.
We will not be coming back.
Once your food arrives it's meh.
Paying $7.85 for a hot dog and fries that looks like it came out of a kid's meal at the Wienerschnitzel is not my idea of a good meal.
My brother in law who works at the mall ate here same day, and guess what he was sick all night too.
Mediocre food.
I'm super pissd.
Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?
I had high hopes for this place since the burgers are cooked over a charcoal grill, but unfortunately the taste fell flat, way flat.
Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food.
The server was very negligent of our needs and made us feel very unwelcome... I would not suggest this place!
The service was terrible though.
This place is overpriced, not consistent with their boba, and it really is OVERPRICED!
It was packed!!
The food was terrible.
It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.
This place should honestly be blown up.
But I definitely would not eat here again.
Do not waste your money here!
Awful service.
Won't ever go here again.
Food quality has been horrible.
For that price I can think of a few place I would have much rather gone.
The service here is fair at best.
I do love sushi, but I found Kabuki to be over-priced, over-hip and under-services.
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.
Very poor service.
No one at the table thought the food was above average or worth the wait that we had for it.
I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.
I have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.
Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small.
for 40 bucks a head, i really expect better food.
I won't be back.
We could not believe how dirty the oysters were!
This place deserves no stars.
I would not recommend this place.
To my disbelief, each dish qualified as the worst version of these foods I have ever tasted.
Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!!
I probably would not go here again.
The Wife hated her meal (coconut shrimp), and our friends really did not enjoy their meals, either.
My fella got the huevos rancheros and they didn't look too appealing.
I probably won't be coming back here.
Worst food/service I've had in a while.
Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.
The feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best.
I started this review with two stars, but I'm editing it to give it only one.
this is the worst sushi i have ever eat besides Costco's.
Weird vibe from owners.
There was hardly any meat.
I've had better bagels from the grocery store.
Now the burgers aren't as good, the pizza which used to be amazing is doughy and flavorless.
I found a six inch long piece of wire in my salsa.
The service was terrible, food was mediocre.
I ordered Albondigas soup - which was just warm - and tasted like tomato soup with frozen meatballs.
On three different occasions I asked for well done or medium well, and all three times I got the bloodiest piece of meat on my plate.
I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.
The service was extremely slow.
After 20 minutes wait, I got a table.
No allergy warnings on the menu, and the waitress had absolutely no clue as to which meals did or did not contain peanuts.
Pricing is a bit of a concern at Mellow Mushroom.
Worst Thai ever.
Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!
Spend your money elsewhere.
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.
And the drinks are WEAK, people!
#NAME?
Also, I feel like the chips are bought, not made in house.
After the disappointing dinner we went elsewhere for dessert.
We won't be returning.
I seriously cannot believe that the owner has so many unexperienced employees that all are running around like chickens with their heads cut off.
Very, very sad.
i felt insulted and disrespected, how could you talk and judge another human being like that?
How can you call yourself a steakhouse if you can't properly cook a steak, I don't understand!
I'm not impressed with the concept or the food.
The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was their guacamole as I don't like it purǸed.
There is really nothing for me at postinos, hope your experience is better
I got food poisoning here at the buffet.
They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm but no!
What SHOULD have been a hilarious, yummy Christmas Eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us.
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.
This place is disgusting!
The RI style calamari was a joke.
However, there was so much garlic in the fondue, it was barely edible.
I could barely stomach the meal, but didn't complain because it was a business lunch.
It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.
It also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it.
We aren't ones to make a scene at restaurants but I just don't get it...definitely lost the love after this one!
Disappointing experience.
The food is about on par with Denny's, which is to say, not good at all.
If you want to wait for mediocre food and downright terrible service, then this is the place for you.
WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy over rated is all I am saying.
We won't be going back.
The place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it.
This place lacked style!!
The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.
Don't bother coming here.
The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork.
The building itself seems pretty neat, the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again.
It was equally awful.
Probably not in a hurry to go back.
very slow at seating even with reservation.
Not good by any stretch of the imagination.
The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked.
The chipolte ranch dipping sause was tasteless, seemed thin and watered down with no heat.
It was a bit too sweet, not really spicy enough, and lacked flavor.
I was VERY disappointed!!
This place is horrible and way overpriced.
Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.
It wasn't busy at all and now we know why.
The tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.
The ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting, but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits.
Con: spotty service.
The fries were not hot, and neither was my burger.
But then they came back cold.
Then our food came out, disappointment ensued.
The real disappointment was our waiter.
My husband said she was very rude... did not even apologize for the bad food or anything.
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.
Insults, profound deuchebaggery, and had to go outside for a smoke break while serving just to solidify it.
If someone orders two tacos don't' you think it may be part of customer service to ask if it is combo or ala cart?
She was quite disappointed although some blame needs to be placed at her door.
After all the rave reviews I couldn't wait to eat here......what a disappointment!
Del Taco is pretty nasty and should be avoided if possible.
It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger.
But I don't like it.
Hell no will I go back
We've have gotten a much better service from the pizza place next door than the services we received from this restaurant.
I don't know what the big deal is about this place, but I won't be back "ya'all".
I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.
The ambiance isn't much better.
Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees.
The food wasn't good.
Your servers suck, wait, correction, our server Heimer sucked.
What happened next was pretty....off putting.
too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place.
Overpriced for what you are getting.
I vomited in the bathroom mid lunch.
I kept looking at the time and it had soon become 35 minutes, yet still no food.
I have been to very few places to eat that under no circumstances would I ever return to, and this tops the list.
We started with the tuna sashimi which was brownish in color and obviously wasn't fresh.
Food was below average.
It sure does beat the nachos at the movies but I would expect a little bit more coming from a restaurant.
All in all, Ha Long Bay was a bit of a flop.
The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).
Shrimp- When I unwrapped it (I live only 1/2 a mile from Brushfire) it was literally ice cold.
It lacked flavor, seemed undercooked, and dry.
It really is impressive that the place hasn't closed down.
I would avoid this place if you are staying in the Mirage.
The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.
Spend your money and time some place else.
A lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar In her salad.
the presentation of the food was awful.
I can't tell you how disappointed I was.
I think food should have flavor and texture and both were lacking.
Appetite instantly gone.
Overall I was not impressed and would not go back.
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.
Then, as if I hadn't wasted enough of my life there, they poured salt in the wound by drawing out the time it took to bring the check.
